about cities



	1) Banglore

		Bangalore has a lot to offer to everyone ranging from photographers to adventure enthusiasts, nature lovers and commercial tourists. There are a plethora of things to do in Bangalore which include visiting forts, waterfalls, gardens, parks, clubs, museums, art galleries and the like. The IT city has a pleasant environment and a wonderful climate which attracts hordes of tourists throughout the year. Among the top things to do in Bangalore, trekking and nature wandering are the most popular ones but there is no dearth of temples, churches, galleries, markets and garden parks. Have a look at the top things to do in Bangalore given below.	
		
		Cubbon Park(Banglore)

			Cubbon Park was originally created by Major General Richard Sankey, in 1870, 		during his time as the Chief engineer of the Mysore State. ... The park was firstly named as Meade's Park in 1870. Later it was renamed as Cubbon Park following the name of Sir Mark Cubbon, who served for the longest period as the commissioner.	






	2) Kerala

	Kovalam beach, one of best beaches in Kerala, is famous for its New Year celebrations, deep strong massages, Ayurvedic treatments, sunbathing fests, and water sports like parasailing. It has a crescent-shaped coastline which is always buzzing with activities. People from different countries, cultures, and states come together and add to the beauty of the place.

Popular tourist attractions: Lighthouse Beach , Hawah Beach, The Lighthouse, Samudra Beach, Thiruvallam Parasurama Temple, Vizhinjam Marine Aquarium, Halcyon Castle, Akkulam Lake, Vizhinjam Fishing Harbor, Kovalam Jama Masjid, Vellayani Lake, Karamana River, Aruvikkara, Rock Cut Caves, and Valiathura Pier.

Best time to visit: September to May

Nearest airport: Trivandrum International Airport is mere 15 km away.

Nearest railway station: Trivandrum Railway Station is just 14 km away.

Suggested Read: India’s First Women-Only Hotel That’ll Be Run Only By Women Staff Is Opening Soon In Kerala!



	philosophy center...
	
	One of the most offbeat yet best places to see in Kerala is Malappuram. Locally translated as ‘land atop hills’ this place is famous for expansive teak plantations and houses many heritage temples, mosques and historic monuments.

Popular tourist attractions: Nilambur Teak Museum, Kottakkunnu and Thirumandhamkunnu Bhagavathy Temple

Best time to visit: July to September to enjoy the beauty of rains. November to February to get away from the scorching heat of cities.

Nearest airport: Calicut International Airport

Nearest railway station: Angadippuram- 16 kms from Malappuram is the closest railway station.

Suggested Read: Kerala In June: Your Little Guide To A Perfect Monsoon Vacation In 2019




	3) Hydrabaad
		
		Hyderabad is the capital of southern India's Telangana state. A major center for the technology industry, it's home to many upscale restaurants and shops. Its historic sites include Golconda Fort, a former diamond-trading center that was once the Qutb Shahi dynastic capital. The Charminar, a 16th-century mosque whose 4 arches support towering minarets, is an old city landmark near the long-standing Laad Bazaar.
	   

	Ramoji Film city
		
		One of the largest and glamorous film studios in the world, Ramoji Film City has also place in the Guinness Book of World Records. Spread across an area of almost 2500 acres, it is one of the major film making facility of the country offering everything related to pre and post film production. The architecture of the studio and the wide range of settings makes it one of the favourite spot for many film makers.

With a capacity to accommodate close to 50 film units at the same time, Ramoji Film City offers umpteen numbers of film sets such as London Street, Hollywood sign, Japanese gardens, airport, hospital, etc. , landscapes and buildings as well as laboratories.

		
The self sufficient film city with its facilities and setting is enough to make a complete movie. The place makes for an amazing sightseeing places catering to each and everyone. For those looking for accommodation, the film city has two hotels as well namely Tara and Sitara. One can visit Ramoji film city from 9.00 am - 8.00 pm. On an average, the film city sees almost 10,000 visitors on usual days. There are various bus services operating from the main city to the Ramoji Film City. Once at the film city, you can take vintage buses providing visitors a ride of the area.

		
	On a 2000-foot high hill, Falaknuma Palace is located just at a distance of 5 km from the historic monument Charminar. Built by the Nawab Vikar-ul-Umra, it took close to 9 long years for its completion. However, later in 1897, it was purchased by Nizam VI to serve the purpose of royal guest house.

Spread across an area of 32 acres, the palace has been constructed with marble and is often referred as the ‘mirror of the sky’. There are almost 22 halls and 220 rooms in the palace along with an impressive library, captivating chandeliers, marble staircase and many attractive features which make it an architectural marvel.

It boasts of a rich collection which ranges from Jade collection to rare paintings, manuscripts, books and furniture to statues. In 2000, it was taken over by Taj Group and converted into a 5 star luxury hotel, although the essence has still been preserved with much caution.

			Darga

	Just 10 km away from Secunderabad, the top of hillock, Maula Ali Dargah is one of the 11 heritage sites which have been identified by HUDA (Heritage Conservation Committee).

Constructed in the memory of Hazrat Ali, son-in-law of Prophet Muhammad, by Asif Jahis, it attracts pilgrims from, everywhere. Although one has to climb almost 400 stairs to reach here, it is worth all the efforts. Apart from religious association, the view of the city from here is mesmerizing.

	4) Kalkatta

		Kolkata (formerly Calcutta) is the capital of India's West Bengal state. Founded as an East India Company trading post, it was India's capital under the British Raj from 1773–1911. Today it’s known for its grand colonial architecture, art galleries and cultural festivals. It’s also home to Mother House, headquarters of the Missionaries of Charity, founded by Mother Teresa, whose tomb is on site.
		
		 cricket garden
	Popular as the largest cricket stadium in the India and the second largest in the world, the Eden Gardens can seat 66,000 spectators. It is set amidst an adjoining garden where Eden- related to the one-time Governor of Aukland and her sister would stroll during the evenings. Besides this, the Mohun ...

		ghat

		Prinsep Ghat, located on the banks of River Hooghly, is a majestic structure famous for its Greek/ Gothic inlays. IWith the magnificent Howrah Bridge in the background, watching the sunrise or sunset and taking a long walk in the cool air on the banks of the river are some of the preferred recreatio...


	5) Jodhpur

		Jodhpur is a city in the Thar Desert of the northwest Indian state of Rajasthan. Its 15th-century Mehrangarh Fort is a former palace that’s now a museum, displaying weapons, paintings and elaborate royal palanquins (sedan chairs). Set on on a rocky outcrop, the fort overlooks the walled city, where many buildings are painted the city’s iconic shade of blue.
		
		fort
		Famous for: History, Architecture, Photography, Adventure.
Tickets: 60 INR for Indians and 400 INR for foreigners. A trip to museum will cost 70 INR for Indians, 600 INR for foreigners plus 200 INR and 100 INR for photography and videography respectively. Discounted prices for senior citizens and students.
Opening Timings: Open on all days (9am to 5pm).
Duration: 2-3 hours.
About Mehrangarh Fort
Beyond question, Mehrangarh Fort tops the list of ‘must visit’ places in Jodhpur. It is one among the largest Indian forts. This invincible fort stands magnificently 400 feet above the city. Rao Jodha constructed the fort in 1459 AD. Though the attempt to construct the fort was started in 1459, the fort had seen many centuries before it was completed. Hence, you could find that the style of architecture represents various periods. The grandeur in architecture is awe-inspiring. The Dark Knight Rises was also shot here.

[adsense_hint]
Things to Do around Mehrangarh Fort
Visit the Ranisar and Padmasar lakes.
Explore the fort’s museum.
Go ziplining (Flying Fox Tour).
Take a guided tour around the fort.
Visit the Chokelao Bagh.

		clock
		Visitor Information
Famous for: Shopping, History, Architecture.
Tickets: No fee.
Opening Timings: Open on all days from 10am to 9pm.
Duration: 2-3 hours.
About Clock Tower
Clock Tower is a famous landmark in the Old City. It was constructed by Maharaja Sardar Singh during his tenure between 1880 and 1911. The clock tower offers a good view of the fort. Sardar Market is adjacent to Clock Tower where a wide range of products is sold. You can find handicrafts, saris, spices, vegetables and a lot more. There are over 7000 shops and you can have a great shopping experience here.

[adsense_hint]
Things to Do near Clock Tower
Shop at the Sardar Bazar.
Enjoy Rajasthani cuisines.


	Distance from Jodhpur: 1 hr 52 min (98.3 km).
A small village located enroute to Bikaner from Jodhpur, Khimsar is home to the majestic Khimsar Fort and the rustic Khimsar Dunes Village. Visitors can enjoy the architecture marvel of the fort or go for a desert safari on the sand dunes.


		6) Chennai
		Chennai, on the Bay of Bengal in eastern India, is the capital of the state of Tamil Nadu. The city is home to Fort St. George, built in 1644 and now a museum showcasing the city’s roots as a British military garrison and East India Company trading outpost, when it was called Madras. Religious sites include Kapaleeshwarar Temple, adorned with carved and painted gods, and St. Mary’s, a 17th-century Anglican church.

		Marine beach

	At a distance of 4 Kms from Chennai Central Railway Station (located at Kamarajar Road, near local Chepauk Railway Station), the famous Marina beach is the second longest beach in the World and runs to a length of 13 Km. This is one of the top tourist places to visit in Chennai city and also one of the popular attraction not to miss in a Chennai tour packages.
	Situated on the beach, the Anna Park, named after the founder of D.M.K Anna durai and the tomb of M.G. Ramachandran who was a film star (both were former Chief Ministers of Tamil Nadu) and the Statue of Labour is a splendid sculpture depicting the efforts of a team of labourers who are at hard manual labour. 
The beach can be ideally visited in the early mornings or in the late evenings when the area becomes a virtual ground with food stalls and other entertainments.

	MGR Memorial

	At a distance of 3 km from Chennai Central Railway Station, MGR Memorial is a memorial structure situated within the picturesque surroundings of the Marina Beach in Chennai. It is one of the popular places of sightseeing in Chennai. 

The memorial was built in the memory of M.G. Ramachandran, India's first actor cum chief minister and that too for three consecutive terms until his death. Considered as one of the greatest political leaders and actors of the state, his followers idolize him as Puratchi Thalaivar (Revolutionary leader). He was honoured with Bharat Ratna, the highest civilian award of India after his death. Spread over 8.25 acres, the memorial is located adjacent to the Anna Memorial and has the highest number of visitors along the seafront.

The memorial was built in 1988 and was inaugurated by Janaki Ramachandran, wife of M. G. Ramachandran, in May 1990. The memorial was remodeled and the whole complex was laid with marbles and opened in 1992 by J. Jayalalitha when she became the chief minister of the state of Tamil Nadu. It was designed by Architect Mr. K. Ramachandran, retired chief architect of PWD, Tamil Nadu. The body of former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J. Jayalalitha is also buried at this site.

The memorial is surrounded with open areas of grass, beautiful pathways, and a splendid water fountain with the long stretch of Marina Beach as the backdrop. Initially, the memorial facade was essentially a tall entry arch greeting with folded hands. Post renovation of the memorial in 2012, the facade was replaced with a concrete replica of the two leaf emblem, which is the official symbol of the AIADMK party founded by Dr. Ramachandran. The facade was also given a Grecian touch with the erection of a 12 fee high bronze sculpture of Pegasus, the winged horse of Greek mythology. 

The memorial also houses a museum at the northern side of its campus. An ever burning lamp inside the memorial stands in the great man's memory.




Myself Pooja Sakharam Sathe. I live in Bhaarti Vidyapeeth in Pune-46. Ihave completed my 	graduation in Bsc(Computer Science) from Abhinav Education Society. In my family there are five members. My Mother is house wife & my Father is Tailour.	


	


